- [Instructor] The next step in this registration use case
will be to add a user.java bean
to the project structure.
So let's come back to IDE.
And under beans,
I'm going to create a class,
call it user.
This again is going to follow the spring data,
spring GPA standards.
So I'm going to annotate it with @entity.
And let's now define the fields for user.
So there will be an ID,
there will be a string,
which is username,
then a password.
Then we can have the agenda of the user.
We can have the activity that user is interested in,
maybe playing a sport,
going to the gym, etcetera.
Then we can also have a first name of course,
and we have a last name to go with it.
And finally,
we are going to tap the users date of birth.
There we go all of those fields,
I am going to annotate the ID field,
on line eight
with the ID annotation.
Same again,
Java Persistence API annotation.
And once we're done with that on line 19,
I'm just going to right click
and generate the go to settings.
So a user model is ready.
This is the information that we want to collect
from the registration page
and save it to the database.
The next step is add @modelattribute
to the method signature
in registration controller,
and then to the register JSP.
Now this is the bit,
this is the crucial bit
that we have to come to.
Let's go to IDE,
and if you see the registration controller
on the method signature,
I'm now going to add
the at model attribute annotation.
So let's do that,
and we're also going to give it a name.
Let's say this is called New User
because we are registering a new user
into the H plus application.
Now this model attribute
is supposed to be bound to this user object.
Let's import the user class.
And the other thing that we have to do is
we also have to attach this
on the JSP.
So I'm just going to take this copy,
go to the register JSP,
and if you look down,
so you have a registration form
you're on line 42
that begins and gives you all of those fields,
the username, password,
the first name,
the last name,
the activity that the user wants to engage into,
the date of birth,
the gender,
all of those fields of the form
are available to you right there.
So on this form,
on line number 43,
we are going to attach another attribute now
which is model attribute,
and the value will be the same name
that we mapped into the method signature
of the registration controller.
So when you attach this model attribute on your JSP page
on the form tag,
and you have it in your method signature
in the respective controller,
that exactly means
that you are enabling data binding
through spring MVC.
Next is we also have to add model attribute
in home controller
for default values on register JSP for new user
and gender items dropdown.
So let's understand what this point is about.
This model attribute that we have attached
whenever this register JSP gets rendered,
it needs to find an object
corresponding to this model attribute.
If it doesn't find it,
then it will not be able to render the page correctly.
Another thing is
we have an HTML drop down here
which has the gender options,
and there's list of options,
We are going to pull from the controller.
So whenever you have these kind of requirements
where you're displaying pages,
and you have model attributes attached to those elements,
we have to make sure
that a default object
with maybe the default values is provided to the page
so that it gets rendered correctly.
Otherwise, it will become a problem
and you will get a certain exception.
So let's do that.
Let's go to home controller.
And this time,
I'm going to use the model attribute
on the method level,
like this.
So I'm going to say model attribute,
give it that same key
that we have mapped on the JSP,
and let it accompany with a method
and what kind of object are we expecting?
A user bean object?
So let's call this
get default user.
And we're just going to say return new users,
we'll call the default constructor
and have an empty object
so that the JSP is rendered correctly.
We will do a very similar thing.
For the gender drop down items,
we intend to pull
all the gender options
as model attribute list.
So I'm just going to copy this line 35 to 38.
Come down,
let's base it on (mumbles)
And what are we going to do?
Another model attribute this time
for gender items.
And what is it going to be?
It's going to be a list of strings.
We want to keep it simple,
and let's say,
get gender items.
That's the name of the method.
And what are we going to return?
You're going to return a list obviously.
So that will be very simple to do it
via the arrays as list method.
And how do we define that array?
We say new string array
and then we provide all the options.
So we have some default objects
that we are attaching to R JSP pages
ready out there
in the home controller.